Miss, why hasn't your luxury car arrived yet?
It's getting dark
I said you
Why don't you know any manners?
They kindly invited you to take a luxury car, why did they urge you?
These ordinary citizens without knowledge
That's how shallow the eye sockets are
Miss
You say your driver is too incompetent, right?
What time is it?
I guess there's a traffic jam.
I call out
It just so happens that you don't work in a hospital?
Hurry up and get the three of Doctor Ye out together
But I have to pick up the eldest lady later
If you don't come, we'll break up
Hurry up and deliver my colleague first, and then go to deliver the eldest lady.
How did you hit me?
I have taught him a lesson
The car will be here soon.
Missy Mighty
These people you used to work for
Work is dawdling
No scolding
Miss
Can I take a picture in your luxury car later?
I haven't been in a luxury car yet
No, don't be so petty
Sister, who is the driver of your car?
Why do you have so many questions?
The Ye family was casually scared
Everyone's salary is higher than yours
Do you deserve to know?
Although he doesn't deserve to know
But I don't want people to say that I bully old classmates
Then I'll tell you.
You know Ye's account number, right?
He is the son of the senior housekeeper of the Ye family
He handles all the affairs of the Ye family
You shouldn't have happened to be my driver
But my dad worries about me
So I let him be a little driver
Butler Xiao Zheng is what the Ye family focuses on cultivating
It seems that the richest man Ye loves the eldest lady very much
Of course!
My father treats me like a princess
He wanted to testify against me.
Isn't he going to save me later?
What is the license plate number of the Rolls Royce that picks you up?
The car of the richest man is of course 888666.
Right? Miss forgot to ask for this number in total.